it is our mission here to rigorously and
ruthlessly train the humanity out of you
and make you into something better we're
gonna make doctors out of you well I
just believe there's more to being a
doctor than memorizing facts about the
ventricular arteries care what you think
I care about my biology test we're not
even gonna see a patient until the third
year you want to become a doctor we have
to learn to treat the patient as well as
the disease that's why we have to dive
into people you have a brilliant mind
and like many brilliant people you don't
necessarily think the rules apply to you
there's so much more convenient thinking
of you as an idiot shipped off if you
want to be a clown go join the circus
for your own sake I think you should
just lay low for a while the hospital
will cover all of your bills
any other questions patients are opening
up to them Corinne they're sharing their
dreams their fantasies
don't concentrate on the paint I'm
warning you stay out of this hospital
what if a doctor becomes emotionally
involved application what is wrong with
that patients don't need a friend they
need a doctor
my name is dr. Phil I'll be your surgeon
oh there you are you are dismissed sir
from this school they can't prevent me
from graduating because of a personality
clash can me Universal Pictures presents
you are not cut out to be a physician
our job is improving the quality of life
not just delaying death the true story
of a man who broke every rule why am i
such a threat to you sir because what
you want is for us to get down there on
the same level as our patients and prove
that laughter Donner Party of 50 Donner
Party over here truly is the best
medicine
Oh Robin Williams you treat a disease
you win you lose
you treat a person I guarantee you win
no matter what the outcome patch Adams
you